This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify

# Backend integration

The build mechanism added in this fork is useful if you want to serve the bundles from a backend like Elixir/Phoenix, Ruby on Rails or similar, that already render HTML templates.

It provides a custom build script that uses as input the original react-scripts' webpack.config.js and outputs a config without:

- `HtmlWebpackPlugin` because we are going to use the generated assets in our own index.html.
- `ManifestPlugin` because each backend should generate its own manifest.
- `HotModuleReplacementPlugin` because this plugin _requires_ WebpackDevServer to work.

## `build:dev`

Outputs bundles using Webpack in `development` mode.

This script can be called with:

`yarn build:dev` to generate bundles once

or

`yarn build:dev --watch` to run Webpack in watch mode.

## `yarn build:prod`

Outputs bundles using Webpack in `production` mode.

## Output

By default the bundles are generated into `build/development` or `build/production` dir inside of your CRA depending on the script called, but this can be changed with the following ENV vars:

- `CRA_BUILD_OUTPUT_PATH` this variable sets the value of webpack's `output.path`.

- `CRA_BUILD_PUBLIC_PATH` it sets publicPath in webpack config. It defaults to `/`.

These vars can also be set in **.env** files as described [in the docs](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/adding-custom-environment-variables/#what-other-env-files-can-be-used)

Notice that the generated directories don't contain the **static/** prefix used in the original `react-scripts`.

The name of the initial chunks, the ones that you should include using `<script />` tags in your HTML, are always generated without chunkhash, even in production. The name of dynamic chunks, the ones used by code-splitting, do contain a chunkhash in production.

The generated initial .js chunks should be:

- js/bundle.js
- js/vendors~main.chunk.js
- js/main.chunk.js

Additionally, if the output might include the following .css chunks:

- css/main.chunk.css
- css/vendors~main.chunk.css

You can take a look at the bundles and index.html generated by `yarn build` to compare with the ouptut of the custom scripts.

## Usage

To create a new CRA app

`create-react-app my-app --scripts-version @iporaitech/react-scripts`

Or in an existing CRA app

```
$ yarn remove react-scripts
$ yarn add @iporaitech/react-scripts
```

and then adding the following scripts to your package.json

```json
"build:dev": "react-scripts build-custom development",
"build:prod": "react-scripts build-custom production",
```

## Example for Elixir/Phoenix

For a Elixir/Phoenix project you might want to use the following

```bash
$ export CRA_BUILD_OUTPUT_PATH=/your/app/priv/static
$ yarn build:dev --watch
```

And then add the script to your layout template

```html
<body>
  <head>
    <!-- other head stuff here (not sure why there's no bundle.css. vendor~main not get generated in your app) -->
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="<%= static_path(@conn, "/css/vendor~main.chunk.css") %>">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="<%= static_path(@conn, "/css/main.chunk.css") %>">
  </head>

  <!-- your body stuff here -->
  <script src="<%= static_path(@conn, "/js/bundle.js") %>"></script>
  <script src="<%= static_path(@conn, "/js/vendors~main.chunk.js") %>"></script>
  <script src="<%= static_path(@conn, "/js/main.chunk.js") %>"></script>
</body>
```

For production, don't forget to run `mix phx.digest` after running `yarn build:prod`, and let Phoenix take care of cache and compression stuff.
